Nathan Flint
Assignment 7: Shopping List

Before starting this assignment, I felt I had a pretty good understanding of it
because we discussed it in class earlier in the week. I worked the assignment
top to bottom and didn't encounter any surprises.

This assignment as pretty straight forward and the only problem I encountered
was parsing the int from the "-r" remove command. I initially wanted to use the 
".hasNextInt()" from the scanner class, but that would not work since the
scanner was setup to return entire lines of input. Call .hasNextInt() on a
command like "-r 3" would not work. I searched google and found a java class for
parsing an int from a string. I used this class, but it would crash my program
if I entered an invalid number like "-r abc".  In the past, I've learned about
try/catch and we started to talk about that this week, so I put a try catch
around the parsing code and that worked great for validating the input.

The most difficult decision was where to put the unknown command validation, and
where to put the new -r command. I wanted to validate the unknown command in the
getInt() function, but that wasn't right, because I'd have to recreate the 
switch statement from the go() method. I decided to put both new features in the
default case. I could catch everything not matched by the switch statement and
deal with it in the default case using if/else statements.

I didn't actually write the testcase code in my main function, but I executed
them manually though the command line of my program. They we helpful in making
sure the functions worked.

I didn't encounter anything surprising in this assignment, but I wish I could
have structured the program a little differently. For example, I've been
learning about a principle called separation of concerns. I wanted to apply
this to the ShoppingList by separating concerns into different functions. For
example, separating validation from work. I have a function called addToList()
and but it does more than add items to a list. It also validates the current
size of the list, and validates for duplicates. This principal also applied to
my removeFromList() function, and to the Go() function. These functions do quite
a bit of stuff that could be separated into other classes and functions. I'd
have to significantly restructure the program to do this so I decided not to. I
think the separation of concerns principal is for a more advanced class.

I learned most about the Integer function while trying to parse a string. I
originally used it incorrectly and had to debug my program line-by-line to see
that I misunderstood the documentation. I eventually figured how to use it.

I can't say there is anything I would do differently next time. I was able to
complete this assignment fairly quickly and without any surprises.