Nathan Flint
Assignment2: Flags

	I approached this assignment by first reading all the instructions. I had
already finished the traffic light lab so I knew how to draw circles and
rectangles. I attempted to formulate how I would draw each flag with the
primitive shapes available in the NsccWindow class. Niger flag was straight
forward. I would just use rectangles and a circle. The flags of Sweden and
Norway took a bit longer to solve because I was trying to figure out how to
draw crosses and thin "L" shapes. After some thought, it dawned
on me that I could just draw rectangles in the corners of the flags to achieve
the cross and "L" shapes.

	The Seychelles flag was quite different because rectangles would not work at
all. My first thought was to  draw lines and fill in space with color, but there
were no classes for doing that. The other option was to use triangles. The
NsccWindow class contained many triangles and their names didn't make sense. I
did however recognize the right triangle, and decided to overlay right triangles
on top of each other to create the Seychelles flag. While trying to create the
flag, it became obvious that I did not understand how the right triangle worked
because the drawing came out funny. After reviewing the documentation and
experimenting with different constructor arguments, figured out that a right
triangle is not a triangle with a single 90 degree angle, but it was a triangle
with its point facing right.

	After solving the Seychelles flag, I knew immediately how to solve the
Alabama flag. The only problem calculating the 4 coordinates of the
points around the center of the flag. I calculated the intersection points of a
couple of lines and got the coordinates I needed.

	Two days after finishing all the code, I  added all the comments, and this
led me to fix several mistakes in the Alabama flag. It took several hours to
reconstruct the comments and this is what I want to change next time. To save
time, I should add comments while writing the source code, rather than going
back to reconstruct comments after I've forgotten what I did.
