Author: Nathan Flint
Assignment 4: Scene Creation

I approached this assignment by first running the program. I watched as the
houses appeared and changed in the screen, between messages boxes. Reading 
through the code, it made sense what was going on. Then I read through the whole
assignment, but couldn't keep it all in my head. There were a lot of
requirements. I decided to work section by section, down the assignment, and 
this worked well.

For the MyTree constructor, I saw an opportunity to reuse constructor code by
making one constructor reuse the other rather than two separate constructors
with almost identical code. There was another opportunity to reuse code in 
scene reset feature, and I refactored the scene constructor so that I could have
one reusable function that setup an initial scene. The constructor and reset
function both use this code.

Setting up the tree component size and location was challenging. I ended up
using a paper and pen to track the size and location of each component and that
helped a lot.

Q1: Explain why setLocation "works to expectations" for MyHouse and MyTree with
no additional coding required.

A1: The set location works well because the components within its bounding box
are drawn relative to the initial location of the house or tree. So, even though
the locations of the trunk and leaves are hard coded, they are hard coded to
the upper right corner of the tree component, so change location changes all the
internal components as expected.

Q2: Explain why setSize does not "work to expectations" for MyHouse and MyTree
as inherited from NsccComponent. This is shown in the behavior of change3.

A2: The internal components (leaves, trees, doors, etc...) have a hard coded
width and height. Changing the size of the MyTree instance changes its bounding
box, however, each component must scale vertically and horizontally to match 
the bounding box. In the standard version of house and tree do not scale, so
the components get clipped, or do not fill the bounding box.

Q3: Explain what specific changes must be made to the MyHouse and MyTree classes
to get change3 to work "to specification". This includes a high-level outline
or the implementations for any methods that must be modified or added to the
classes.

A3: Each internal component must scale to the size of their container's boudning
box. This means, the width, location, x, and y coordinates need to be
calculated from ratios. These ratios need to be calculated and implemented for
the constructor and setSize method.
