Nathan Flint
Assignment 10: Tic-Tac-Toe Game

I started this assignment by reading over the instructions and calculating how
to test if a player wins. I got a little ahead of myself but that was the
aspect of the assignment that interested me the most. I figured I could do 8
checks, 3 across, 3 down, and 2 diagonal. With that seemingly solved, I moved on
to work the assignment from top to bottom.

The next difficult problem was arranging the buttons in the exact grid pattern.
This worked surprisingly well for me. I was able to get it to work on the first
compile which shocked me. I fully expected to debug it and make changes before
the buttons would align. There was one problem where the buttons were slightly
transparent and looked wrong. I was able to quickly fix this using the
.setOpaque() method on the JButtons.

The last problem I encountered was how to organize the status updates so they
showed correct state of the game. I ended up putting them all in the same
function named updateGameState() which ran after every click to determine: if
the game was over, and who won, or who had the next move. It worked pretty well
but I went through a few iterations before setting on that design. I originally
put the end game logic in the button action function, but my end-game messages
got over-written by who had the next turn. Move all the status updates into the
same function fixed this.

I ran lots of tests to make sure the logic worked. I finished games with every
possible combination of wins for X player and O player, which is 16 tests. I
also tested a few combinations of cat's games. While testing all these end-game
scenarios, I also tested the reset button by using it between each match. My end
game logic was very solid and testing it didn't find any bugs, but testing did
find a bug in the cats game, and with the reset button. The reset button wasn't
enabling all the buttons after pressing it, and the cats game wasn't being 
detected so that game would say "O's turn" when it should have set "cat game".

I learned is how helpful auto-complete IDEs can be. For example, I've been using
the free version of IntelliJ IDE13, and it has the auto-complete feature that
shows a handy box after pressing "." on a class name. The list is full of all
the functions available for that class. With it, I can explore the framework
easily. The list even narrows down as I start to type, and it show only methods
and fields that contain the incomplete text. So if I type "button.se" it shows
all the set properties which made it easy to find the "setEnabled()" method on
JButton. I didn't even have to look in the documentation.

This assignment went pretty smoothly and I can't think of anything I would do
differently.